The move.exe tool for Windows/Git Bash has been updated to support by default the creation of OPS redirect files and also automatically commits all changes when done. This tool works in either cmd/ps shells with git enabled, or it works in git bash directly. It’s a full .NET piece, so it’s Windows-only currently, but the is also the largest group of users for the entire team.

From any “azure-docs-pr” repo in the root directory, it takes a relative path to an .md file and a path to a new location and:
1.	Moves the file to the new location and name.
2.	Replaces the original file with a redirect file to the new location.
3.	Moves all media files to the proper place, even if they were not in the proper place (corrects all media locations as it moves).
4.	Locates all links internal to the moved file, and rewrites them in the proper format (corrects all stylistic errors as it moves).
5.	Locates all include links and rewrites them to the proper location.
6.	Locates all inbound .md file links across the entire repo, including TOC links, and rewrites them in those files (corrects all stylistic errors as it moves).
a.	CAVEAT: Does not rewrite html or landing page links or “root docset” links (links of the type “/azure/directory/filename”)
7.	Commits all changes locally. 

Known issues:
1.	Does not have installer yet, so you must build from the solution.
a.	Must refresh the nugget files first, as it depends on lib2gitsharp/binaries and NDepends for relative linking commands.
2.	Cannot write links FROM an included file to somewhere else that break when the including file moves up or down a directory, thereby potentially breaking links inside the included text. Because an include can be shared, I cannot automatically know whether to fix the include.md internal links or not. These will result in broken links, but as they are relatively few, the remaining work is small.
a.	Links to the moved file from an include are correctly rewritten.

Please, although I’ve docked this as well as I can in the code, it remains extremely simple code, so any updates as a PR it would benefit from. Please do!!!!

The repo you have to clone or pull from if already updated is: https://github.com/squillace/gitwork.git. 

The actual solution is https://github.com/squillace/gitwork/tree/master/dotnet/move. It has two projects, the Library (“GitMover”) that implements the move (so it can be used from other clients) and a simple console client (“move”). 
